DOC-3337: View would close when resource was still loading. (#3947)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/8.3.1-release-notes.adoc

The following premium plugin updates were released alongside {productname} {release-version}.

=== Suggested Edits

The {productname} {release-version} release includes an accompanying release of the **Suggested Edits** premium plugin.

**Suggested Edits** includes the following fix.

==== View would close when the resource was still loading.

> In previous versions of {productname}, the Suggested Edits view could automatically close while the integration script was still loading. As a result, the view was exited during editor initialization, requiring users to manually reopen it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In previous versions of {productname}, opening the Suggested Edits view when the integration script was not yet loaded would cause the view to immediately close, requiring users to manually reopen it until the script was loaded.
```

> This issue has been resolved in {productname} {release-version}. The editor now enters a loading state while the integration script is loading, preventing the Suggested Edits view from closing automatically during initialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This issue has been resolved in {productname} {release-version}. The editor now enters a loading state if the Suggested Edits view is opened while the integration script is loading, instead of immediately closing, and exits this state once the script has loaded.
```
